---
datePublished: '2016-09-01T03:43:42.933Z'
sourcePath: _posts/2016-09-01-resume.md
inFeed: true
author: []
via: {}
dateModified: '2016-09-01T03:43:41.534Z'
title: Resume
publisher: {}
description: 'B.S. Computer Science, Graduated May 2016  Chapman University'
starred: false
_type: Blurb

---
# Resume

## **EDUCATION**

B.S. Computer Science, Graduated May 2016   
**[Chapman University][0]**

## **EXPERIENCE**

**Software Engineer, May 2015 -- Present**  
**[Quicksilver Software Inc.][1]**  
**Various **design and development on front-end and back-end.  
_Currently I'm working on a cross platform mobile application in NodeJS. This project has introduced me to AngularJS and TypeScript._

I recently designed and developed a content-management system for the California Science Center exhibit project that I did earlier this year using CSS/HTML and JavaScript.   
**Responsibilities**  
- Unit testing using the Google Test Framework   
- DMX data encoding (using USBKing USB to DMX interface)   
- Android development for internal business application   
- Write BASH scripts for deploying code and compiling on a target machine  
- Write test suites for the existing servers using Python  
- Develop BASH scripts to automatically setup our servers for standalone dev environments   
- Develop scheduled task to determine server status, and updating active memcached server pool   
- Present live demos to investors and CEO   
- Fix ODBC Importing for TrustID and other related bugs   
- Code optimization using profiling tools in Visual Studios   
- And much, much more!

**Software Engineering Internship, May 2014 -- September 2014 (Summer Break)**  
**[actian][2]**  
The first project was an independent project to create an R package that acts as a wrapper around the Actian Matrix Analytical Database, and run FuzzyLogix Analytical Functions in the parallel database running on several nodes, and returning the results to the R environment.   
The second project was updating, rebranding, and cleaning an RHEL5 virtual machine containing Actian Single-Node Analytics Platform (SNAP). This primarily involved development with HTML, CSS, and Adobe Photoshop.   
**Responsibilities**  
- Create a complete R package   
- Concept Document   
- Unit-Testing ( Using Bash )   
- Work with QA, Product Managers, and Marketing   
- Give Field Training on R, and the package ( Live Demos )   
- Rebrand, Update, and Clean Actian SNAP VM   
- Using SVN

**Technical Support Internship, January 2014 -- February 2014 (Winter Break)**  
**[Company: actian][2]**  
My primary responsibility was creating/editing tech notes for using and maintaining a parallel database. Writing code for PSQL to create, edit, add, display, delete database tables, and bash for maintaining clusters, for maximum and optimal parallel database performance.   
**Responsibilities**  
- Create support documents for employees and customers using HTML   
- Sanity check PSQL & Bash scripts   
- Writing PSQL & Bash scripts   
- Rewrite, and reformat previously submitted tech notes

.

[0]: http://www.chapman.edu/
[1]: http://quicksilver.com/wp/
[2]: http://www.actian.com/