---
isBasedOnUrl: >-
  https://the-grid.github.io/ed-userhtml/?g=eJyzScksU8hMsVWKz80vLU71L0stcs3LSSxKT1Wy47IBStrZpOXnlSgk5-fkF9kqKRukmpsnAeV8MstSbfTB8vogBdgUp6WkpRkYKNmFZORlY1GrpoBqdFqaqZl5spKdc35KqoaCph6aFjCPCwAv5Dh2
title: Code Life
datePublished: '2017-11-10T02:50:13.855Z'
dateModified: '2017-11-10T02:49:55.228Z'
publisher: {}
author: []
inFeed: true
hasPage: false
description: >-
  Developing a platform that will actually give the large majority to the artist
  of monetization made off the app in their own area. They deserve it - it’s
  their content, and musicians will realize that they are getting ripped off.
  This is a very special project and it will make waves throughout multiple
  platforms - I’m not in this for money, I’m in this for the artists. In fact we
  will even give a larger percentage to leave the other platform, because 
via: {}
sourcePath: _posts/2016-09-02-about.md
starred: false
datePublishedOriginal: '2017-11-10T02:50:13.855Z'
_type: MediaObject

---
# Code Life

### Currently:

Developing a platform that will actually give the **large **majority to the artist of monetization made off the app in their own area. They deserve it - it's their content, and musicians will realize that they are getting ripped off. This is a very special project and it will make waves throughout _multiple _platforms - I'm not in this for money, I'm in this for the artists. In fact we will even give a larger percentage to leave the other platform, because 

* Full-Stack Developer \[MEAN\] / Founder @ _[ThinkFirst LLC][0]_

---

### Education:

* B.S. Computer Science, Chapman University (2016)

---

### Action Items:

* Self-motivated/driven/taught and confident in my abilities to develop, but always pushing to become better
* I inherited and continue to 40 years of knowledge, which has ultimately led to me approaching code the opposite of what the teach, 
* I work with the hardware, not against it - (i.e., CPU Cache Lines, when working with lower level software)
* I do not re-invent, I extend off what is available and build up unless I have reasons otherwise (i.e., time/space complexity)
* I am comfortable in Windows, MacOSX, and Linux (specific distros: Redhat/Ubuntu)
* I am not book-smart, I am code-smart, I use the tools available to my advantage. 
* I spend the time planning/designing first to save time later.

---

## **Personal Life**

I have a genuinely astounding girlfriend, who recognizes and supports my enthusiasm for coding and technology. 

Providing opportunities and giving back is far more rewarding than any paycheck, and ultimately scaling this up is a milestone

She inspires me in a lot of ways to use my passion to assist others to continue theirs and give back as much as possible.

Always have music playing, avid snowboarder - Lake Tahoe will always be my second home. Squaw season pass holder, if not coding you'll find me there during the season.

I watch a lot of hockey, I also code a lot.

[0]: https://www.thinkfirst.io/ "ThinkFirst"